green step turn instead of just doing
that so it's step step step step I'm
doing step and a little swivel to that
leg needs to be more there I'm very
pleasantly surprised today Hamrlik seems
up quite quickly she seems very
intelligent I have one of those motoric
intelligences where I learned by
watching if I see you do it I can do it
immediately laughing their needs to step
feel like you're stepping more outside
me after teaching her today she seems
fearless anything I asked her to try she
doesn't question it she just does it
let's face it it's really fun I mean why
wouldn't I throw myself into it a mental
approach towards dancing is exactly the
way I was when I was completed and
learning she seems like a Trier and we
partner for fire so that is promenade
position so you love it and then it went
stuff flowing it's nothing it's a yes
okay good then I want to make most of
the opportunity but her charming young
man to dance with I'm gonna dance with
him as much as I possibly can hello